forage trees for you culture is the
science that is responsible for the study
general and special of the prairies and
forage plants 47% of the
global surfaces is classified
as grassland in mexico the pastures
natural resources occupy more than 60% of
surfaces
importance pastures influence the
source of cheaper forage and are the
grassland forage industry base
Grassland is considered to those areas
who have physical limitations like
scarce or erratic precipitation
most common forages grains occupy a
very important place in the production of
natural meadows and pastures
legumes in the final parts of the
Roots develop tubers
producing nitrogen that helps the
land
Acacia forage tree species
mesquite huizache guamúchil ramón guts
Hawthorn chicken bejuco lot Casca
guácima
acacia acacia is one of the trees
most common in the decoration of
gardens and parks there are numerous
varieties of this leguminous tree and of
evergreen leaf that is characterized by its
leafiness its spectacular colorful and
the thorns that cover their branches
precisely by the thorns receives the
acacia name
usually it exceeds 3 meters high
up to 8 at the most, although others
acacia species also called
Mimosas can reach up to 30
meters high its lanceolate leaves are
light green and can be of
up to 25 centimeters in length are usually
narrowing at the base and at the tip with
a very marked central nerve
the mesquite prosopis life is a
important tree of the southwest arid
US and northern Mexico, according to
conquest classification system
belongs to the mimosa cear family
order favale class magnoli oxida
contains from 13 to 36 percent of
sugars while the seed possesses
55 thousand 159 percent protein
the huizache has a lot of
uses and has a huge potential
that has not yet been exploited in mexico
to mention just some we will say that
the bark contains tannins and is used
in tannery and in ink manufacturing
the rubber emanating from the trunk is used
as a substitute for gum arabic
guamúchil tree for what arrives
Measure up to 20 m high of gray shell
its leaves measure 2 to 7 centimeters
long dull green color on the reverse
presents two thorns at the birth of
the leaves the flowers are born piled up
forming a head of 15 centimeters
they smell good its fruit is a long pod
coiled opens only when mature
season and have many color seeds
Dark coffee blooms from November to May
always has leaves grows on the shore
from the river
ramón this tree can reach 45 m
of height and 1 m in diameter it is said that
is in danger of extinction
cylindrical ribbed cortex with roots
external buttresses giving you more
necessary support and your system
radicular is superficial with sap
Milky sweet and sticky outer crust
soft greyish clear reddish wood with
yellowish central section
guts hen grass 40 to 60
centimeters of height the leaves are
elongated narrow and pointed
they wrap around the stem the flowers are blue
and are protected by a structure
similar to a leaf that gives the appearance
from a cocoon the fruits are capsular is
dark colored original from mexico
It lives in warm semi-warm climates and
tempered between 8 and 2800 meters above sea level
common wild plant in vegetation
disturbed associated with tropical forests
tree crow tree up to 20 m
height of thick branches and bark color
grayish brown the leaves are elongated and
They measure between 6 and 14 centimeters long
with the obverse dark green and the reverse
pale and velvety the flowers are
white in colorful bouquets that are
at the tips of the branches the fruits
They are some nuts from Mexico
It grows in warm and semi warm climates
between 100 and 1100 masl associated with
tropical forests
Hawthorn is a deciduous tree of 4 to
6 m tall with thorny branches leaves
hairless and closed white flowers
odorous ovoid fruit covered with skin
Tender and reddish that encloses a pulp
sweet and a single seed hence its
first name
casca leguminosa tree lot from 3 to 9 m
of height has the rough bark and not
it has thorns the leaves are
divided into flakes your flowers of
white or yellowish color
they find in clusters the fruits are
pods that are coiled originating
of America live in warm weather from
the 552 thousand msnm associated with forest
tropical and spiny forest
guácimo tree is a tree of size
low and very ramified that can reach
up to 20 m in height with a trunk of 30
with 60 centimeters of coated diameter
bark gray colorless sap musil
alien to the leaves are simple alternate
with stipulated with the asymmetric base
psuv cut competed or the shorts
drowned oblong to closed from 6 to 12
centimeters long and with the apex
acute produces small flowers grouped
in axillary inflorescences and short
mind is whistles has five petals
yellowish white the fruit is
a capsule your balloon sao ellipsoid to
black for puree when ripe
thanks for your attention